Supplying parse contain a lot of sensors and
every sensor has its own strengths and weaknesses.
Basically, we use radars to compensate over the weaknesses of the other sensors.
One of the biggest advantages of radar is it measures the radial velocity directly.
While other sensors need to calculate velocities by using derivatives,
the radar can determine the rate of velocity instantly.
This also helps to distinguish between the stationary and moving objects.
Another big advantage is that the radar is less influenced,
less biased by the environment conditions.
It can work day and night unlike cameras,
and it can work in rainy or snowy conditions.